1.29
----
. theora wasn't optional, allow building without it
. minor tweaks to build

1.28
----
. fix silly build error in the examples. was actually a header issue

1.27
----
. Add multiple ogg codec handling, time vorbis and theora logical
  streams. Stream unhandled but paged ogg codecs.

1.26
----
. state all dependent libs, or else static linking fails

1.25
----
. update sock code
. don't stall in non blocking mode waiting for reply from server
. re-sync timing fixups in vorbis and mp3 handlers

1.24
----
. minor memory leak on shout_new plugged
. update the avl code, nothing significant wrt libshout, just sync-up

1.23
----
. signal mask wokaround on openbsd

1.22
----
. re-sync withe CVS and the icecast updates of net

1.21
----
. added missing prototypes added in v1.0 CVS
. fixed incorrect error return in the format specific send.
. changed sock_connected to use sock_set_error for sock_error usage
. remove bad use of sock_recoverable
. some prototype cleanups
. updated net, sock_connected API change, async blocking connect fix
. added write check to autoconf, got lost from m4 update
. reset header size on close, else it can cause an accumulation of
  headers to be sent on subsequent connections to the server, even
  causing it to fill up and bomb out with a malloc error.

1.20
----
. Username default was not set correctly and a subsequent check
  was missing.
. some minor code cleanups

1.19
----
. Add missing metadata functions
. update the thread code, to fix potential leaks

1.18
----
. added timeout (5s) when reading headers in blocking mode
. added function to alter timeout setting (in ms)
. fixed stuffed m4 macro

1.17
----
. updated m4 macros to work done in CVS.
. updated subtrees to include fixes sent to CVS
. Added shout_init, shout_shutdown from CVS to bring back CVS compatability

1.16
----
. fix serial number 0 bug left from cvs
. use send_oggpage in send_vorbis, utilises the writev and queueing
  facilities.
. fixed a couple of silly bugs for shout_sync

1.15
----
. update autoconf scripts
. fix build problems for some platforms

1.14
----
. Merge shout_send_ogg into shout_send using new format type
  SHOUT_FORMAT_VORBISPAGE. This also means no shout substructure created
  but not used. modified shout_send slightly
. removed the last users of unhandled short write in sock_write_bytes.
. Added shout-config, matches up with CVS now
. check for __VAR_ARGS__
. clean up top level Makefile.am, refers to m4 directory
. fix leaks in shout_set_metadata

1.13
----
. rework xaudiocast and icy logins, now they can handle short writes.
. altered code route, so that that each protocol requires a handler for
  creating requests and a handler for parsing responses.
. state a limit on the amount of bytes stored in the pending queue,
  currently 64k but a setter could be used to alter
. misc cleanups left out from previous release.

1.12
----
. removed static array representing pending write queue, replaced
  with linked list with byte counts.
. much code removal, due to old pending array removal and state
  information migration. Pending Write queue implemented as list
  simplified code as well.
. Add hack for building on OBSD wrt _XOPEN_SOURCE

1.11
----
. big cleanup release, mainly relating to connection logic.
. Add the notion of state to a shout_t to help at connection time.
. fix a potential thread attribute bug introduce last time.
. Get nearer to the CVS updates.
. Drop ICE logins as per CVS.
. Updated ogg and vorbis autoconf macro's to mroe recent ones

1.10
----
. minor compiler warning cleanups
. re-sync to recent CVS code, mainly tab removal but code updates as well
. all threads to inherit scheduling attributes, mainly for realtime

1.9
- change build setup to more like what I and brendan have put in CVS
  . put headers in config.h
  . use XIPH_CFLAGS
  . check for various pthread flags
  . build exmaples directory
- update external shout codes to match CVS 
- deprecate the use of shout_set_bitrate, not sure if this is a good idea.
- add shout-audio-info,  not nice at all but matches CVS.
- update thread/avl/net/httpp to CVS.
  . drops some of the unneeded -I flags.
 
1.8
- shout_close didn't free pending queue
- only do so many non-blocking checks 60 for connection, 20 for header acceptance
- REFUSED didn't have a pretty print message

v1.7
- fixed a couple of reuse after free cases and a pending write queue problem

v1.6
- changed mime header from x-ogg to ogg

v1.5
- make sure shout_close clear various flags.

v1.4
- Have a function for returning the version
- writev support added.
- non-blocking enabled on HTTP connections
- sock uses newer posix calls for sockets, but falls back to ipv4 only
