1.59
----
. fix ALSA silence issue, stupid bug...a one-liner as well
. Allow downmix to accept >2 channels
. put back original timing allocation code in im_jack, also
  base ringbuffer size on buffer_size and sleep time

1.58
----
. fix build issue for saved id
. update jack input module to use ringbuffer

1.57
----
. handle "-" in playlist to refer to stdin
. for live inputs make sure module only fails after 100 buffer allocation
  failures in succession, instead of in total.
. report initial failed log file opening

1.56
----
. small update to JACK input
. make sure non-blocking sockets are used in libshout

1.55
----
. removed more unused code
. plug some memory leaks, affected 
. tweaked parameters to input modules, higher max/preloaded buffers and
  a longer recovery delay for playlist.

1.54
----
. Add JACK input, feedback if possible
. various internal API cleanups
. buffer allocation messages are handled more gracefully
. fix quirk with missing metadata filename

1.53
----
. fix compile issue on OBSD wrt im_sun module
. change unknown XML element message, state filename and quote tags in question
. small C99 cleanups, check for __func__
. XML call API change, was causing a memory corruption in parsing.

1.52
----
. fix up minor compile issue.
. push shout_t creation/population to connection time, allows instance
  metadata to after encode section.
. fixup alsa input code.

1.51
----
. YP bitrate is expected to be in kbps 
. added URL to global and per-instance metadata.
. fixup metadata settings better. string copies were not being done

1.50
----
. function rename cleanup for xml parser
. implement background tag, it can now makes itself daemon
. only free buffers when there's a surplus. prealloc is minimum.
. only warn on so many reconnect attempts, keep retrying.
. supply nominal-bitrate to the shout audio info at connection time.
. take out logging messages in sig handlers. Functions are not signal safe
. moved the dead air buffer into global, saves using duplicate buffers

1.49
----
. update encode_initialise, allow for setting VBR mode by bitrate, also
  constrained VBR mode doesn't work as expected, vorbisenc issue.
. add pidfile option for external handling
. update im_sun to handle the different endian on sun/sparc sun/x86 and
  openbsd
. change buffer allocation routine. preallocation is still done but on a
  smaller scale and the buffer allocation routine allocs/initialises buffers
  when needed and below limit.  The free routine will free one buffer every so
  often to cut down on surplus buffers.

1.48
----
. Stupid timer fix, on timing error the reset wasn't working out right
. fixup im_sun better, should work ok for OBSD now. maybe solaris as well
. don't try reading metadata file if it isn't stated

1.47
----
. changed sched_getparam to pthread_*  to work on OBSD

1.46
----
. fix managed mode selection
. make serial numbers random for each outgoing stream

1.45
----
. call shout close even if connection failed. This prevents zombie
  connections from building up.

1.44
----
. increase delay on failed buffer allocations to 100ms, and increase
  timer to account for it, this should prevent a bursts on recovery.
. Add logsize xml parameter in kbytes, default is 2048.
. tweak to make buffer count dependant on number of runners

1.43
----
. downmix is now a bool type, so true,yes as well as 1 is valid
. in playlist loop on buffer allocation failure, this should stop needless
  logging as the previous message is noted.

1.42
----
. dead code removal
. reset timer if input jumps more than 1 second.
. when sleeping enabled (normal) and buffer allocation fails then instead
  of dropping out, log one message, sleep for a short while and retry again
. implement bool tpye XML tags in config. true. yes are acceptable as well 
  as a numeric.

1.41
----
. separate user-derived rate/channels, from input derived ones.

1.40
----
. fix granulepos for file fixing, for extra compliance.
. added "once" tag for handling each input once only. Needed for file fix.

1.39
----
. Made playlist honor USR1 USR2 signals again
. fixup ALSA, but untested until I install the drivers again.
. minor cleanups, removing unused bits etc

1.38
----
. don't share the code_ops structure as it contains stream specific info
. drop the vorbis array from the buffers, it was a hack
. ALSA driver not fully changed over yet

1.37
----
First 3 could break things as they are fairly substantial changes
. big input flow control change, callback approach
. various structure re-arrangement 
. playlist now sends as out as ogg packets instead of ogg pages, also
  samples are calculated per packet.
. put quotes around filenames, allows for easy tracking in logs.
. reencoder takes packets instead of pages
. make random playlist more random

1.36
----
. Fixed bug in playlist script, the rate regulation was disabled.
. removed odd printf

1.35
----
. fix reconnect_delay/attempts parsing issue.
. Added YP option for advertising the shout stream
. Updated m4 scripts in line with CVS
. Added 2Meg log cycle

1.34
----
. move various code out of cfgparse into specifics files.
. elimate passthru in encode.
. set samplerate/channels on every buffer from the playlist
  fixes an assert possibility

1.33
----
. Add skip option to pcm input, to allow for removal of initial
  data on certain connections, typically shoutcast
. avoid segv bugs on flushed shout connections.
. make file save time-reset work again.
. fixed a bug on first file created as the first audio page
  would only contain one packet.
. updated timing code to be more precise on ogg files with gaps
  at the beginning.
. Added sleep param to playlist to not sleep when reading ogg
  files. not to be used with shout connections but fine for
  disk writes.

1.32
----
. fix-up NULL dereference on exit for passthru vorbis case,
. do instance cleanup at end of runner.
. add better timer logic into playlist, so that long sleeps
  don't occur on ogg files with gaps at the start.

1.31
----
. requires libshout kh14 (API change, more inline with CVS)
. ogg test now check for a ogg v1.0 call
. om_shout now flushes pages every 2 seconds, if not less

1.30
----
. lots of dead code removal
. place specifc output modules in separate files, more modular
  this allows for specifying multiple savestreams and shout
  connections per instance. (note config file change)
. separate reencode packetin from pagein for later work.
. various little cleanups, name changes etc

1.29
----
. minor cleanups for distributing files.
. add optional debug for checking pthread flags.
. a few memory leaks fixes.

1.28
----
. Adeed calls to reencode to take pages and produce packets for output,
  this removes the page build -> spilt -> re-build logic.
. Add comment tag for reencode for encoder identification
. push the drop priviledge code to before the log file creation.
. drop any special privs when reading the config file.

1.27
----
. Added encode API based on packets instead of pages
. Added output API based on packets instead of pages.
. Changed PCM->vorbis to use the packet-based encoding route, saves 
  needless splitting and recalculation of granulepos. reencode still
  uses pages.
. Added realtime option for setting scheduling policy
. Added support for dropping setuid or change to different user.

1.26
----
. added fmask/dmask for file creation permissions (0600/0700)
. updated auto* build to CVS style
. added reset-time tag (default 1) in savestream to modify granulepos
  on file change

1.25
----
. made im_pcm do back off when buffers have run out
. renamed setup.* to cfgparse.* to match CVS

1.24
----
. renamed the res_ functions/structure as they can clash with the resolver
. cleaned up the build a bit more
. split acinclude in the separate m4 macros
. another fix for getting the samplerate on reencoding correct

1.23
----
. reencoding with resampling/downmixing was having problems
. im_pcm args support failed for old source parameter.

1.22
----
. more playlist work, was not starting the reencoder, and did not provide 
  the sample counts correctly
. im_oss didn't increase senttime which caused a large catchup occurring
  for any following modules, leading to buffer starvation.
. Provide a mechanism for providing args for the command on im_pcm. Useful
  for ogg123 as it doesn't deal with close output pipes correctly.
  
1.21
----
. The input_sleep routine was working the sleep time wrong
. playlist needed work for the EOS handling

1.20
----
.  improved the save stream naming, so that subdirs are created when needed
.  change default duration of a file to 1 hour and allow 0 to disable
.  add <on-metadata> tag in save stream to enable metadata to switch the file.

1.19
----
. made input modules handle input module switchover better.
     Needed EOS handling for input module
     fix for negative granulepos on switchover.
. removed debugging printf 
. Allowed for creating sub-directories when writing files.
. use shout_audio_info to state samplerate and channels at connection start, this
  probably needs done better as that can change mid connection.

1.18
----
. updated config file for stream info
. various autoconf build updates

1.17
---
. removed the metadata section, now you just state the stream info per instance or
  globally.
. changed build setup, now checks for pthreads better and supplies much of the
  build information without much trouble

1.16
----
. minor fix for reconnection of streams.
. CVS alsa input copied but not integrated
, comment out "increase max buffers" until a better place can be found.

1.15
----
. trap for max input buffers in im_oss, reading audio into an unused buffer until 
  either an input buffer is availble or a certain amount of time has elapsed, help
  with sudden loads.
. set eos on on shutdown in input thread (oss, pcm)
. don't do select in pcm module when no time is to be elapsed.
. add timestamp to input module, and trap from restarting inputs too quickly
. input thread now closes the first input which causes a chain of pipe closes, a 
  close of the runner pipe acts as the runner shutdown
. improved debug messages
. fixed up packet granulepos calculation so that valid ogg pages can be created.
  This needs more work as some cases still have problems, like input switch
. bother file and shout streams should start at granulepos 0.
. timing_sleep need not call select if no sleeping required.

1.14
----
. continuing from before, the outgoing libshout stream is now built separately from
  the internal ogg pages. This applies to all setups. Ther serial numbers for file 
  and libshout streams are incremented each time.
. im_pcm im_oss now set eos on signal then critical on next buffer.
. libshout startup is pushed to the output ogg page stage, this simplifies the
  high end flow control in the runner, and prevents encoder/reencoder initialising
  on libshout connect.
. fixed some parsing, show warnings for unknown tags.

1.13
----
. Changed what save stream stores, now builds a separate ogg stream
. default timeout to 5 seconds on im_pcm.
. allow for no specifying a hostname, eg write to disk only

1.12
----
. warn if trying to encode 0 samples.
. make OSS module uninterleave
. sort out metadata for OSS and pcm inputs, check the file at start as well.
. playlist is available now, may need more testing.
. log read comments from metadata file.
. re-organise the setup/shutdown on stream change.
. allow for writing stream to disk, even when the connection to icecast is gone
. allow for file name expansion (strftime) for file to write

1.11
----
. Changes to the autoconf build.
. pushed PCM uninterleaving into input thread.
. start to break up re-encoding, currently broken
. Made iintial OSS input work, uninterleave work still needed.
. Changed how silence detection worked for PCM input, it had 
  problems with EOS detection.
. Changed // to /* */

1.10
----
. force encoder quality values between -1 and 10 inclusive.
. Change trigger level for samples per page before flushing.
. Change pcm module to emit silence buffers when nothing has
  been read.  Useful for masking latencies of external sources 
. Change resolution of senttime back to uS as the ms count has
  frational part causing sync drift

1.9
---
. fixed stereo bug on playing some tracks.
. terminate properly on unrunnable scripts.

1.8
---
. Allocate encoder/reencoder at instance creation
. Compile condition for using pipe as oppose to pthread conditionals
. Change encode parsing
   - drop samplerate/channels out of encode parsing.
   - Add don't encodde vorbis.
   - Handle comments
   - warn of unrecognised options
. don't allocate shout structure twice per instance
. Free up hostname/mount/password from xml after passing to shout
. Change encoder setup/shutdown routines. 
. Add checks for samples in page. If 0 don't try the vorbis code.
. Add close stdin in im_pcm for the spawned script, detach keyboard.
. Update re-encoder routines.
. Added reencode_clear in flush routine to clear up memory sooner.
. Added require_critical to stream to act as a per stream critical flag.
. Removed maxqueuelength

1.7
---
. Re-introduce pipes between runners to see if there is any performance
  difference between these and the signals used by pthreads.

1.6
---
. Chenged free buffers check from WARN to ERROR, as it's pretty final.
. Completely zap MAX_INPUT_BUFFERS and increase the MIN_INPUT_BUFFER
. Change wait period after the input thread has started runners to 1sec.
. Don't treat comments as unknown in input parameter list.
. moved default_len to pcm-specifc structure.
. Added samples parameter to pcm input, default to 12288.
. experimental - try quicker uninterleave in encode_data.


1.5:
----

. Replace MAX_INPUT_BUFFER with MIN_INPUT_BUFFERS
. Get main input code to initialise the buffers, calling a module specific
function.
. Changed im_pcm read to loop until a buffer is full instead of just sending
only what was read.
. put -march in configure.in.  Needs proper extra args processing for makefile
. Changed id values to start from 1 instead of 0
. Changed sample_in_page limit to force a flush.
. Added buffers tag in input_module to allow for overriding default.
. Remove im_pcm specific buffers parameter.
. misc indent cleanups, zap input_fluish_queue.
. move control structure.
. reduce sleep after runners started from to 500ms
. cleanup send_to_runner.
. LOG messages cleanup

